feat(router): update intro, installation, and add linking doc (#23153)
expo/expo: docs/pages/routing/create-pages.mdx

import { BoxLink } from '~/ui/components/BoxLink';
import { BookOpen02Icon } from '@expo/styleguide-icons';
import { Tabs, Tab } from '~/ui/components/Tabs';

> When a file is created in the **/app** directory, it automatically becomes a route in the app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a file is created in the **app** directory, it automatically becomes a route in the app. For example, the following files will create the following routes:
```

> For example, the following files will create the following routes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

- **app/home.js** matches `/home`
- **app/settings/index.js** matches `/settings`
- **app/[user].js** matches dynamic paths like `/expo` or `/evanbacon`

## Pages

Pages are defined by exporting a React component as the default value from a file in the **app** directory. The file they are exported from must use one of the `.js`, `.jsx`, `.tsx`, `.ts` extensions.

For example, create the **app** directory in your project and then create a file **index.js** inside it. Then, add the following snippet:

<Tabs>

<Tab label="Universal">

>     Render text on any platform with the `<Text />` component from React Native.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Render text on any platform with the `<Text>` component from React Native.
```

    ```js app/index.js
    import { Text } from 'react-native';

    export default function Page() {
      return <Text>Home page</Text>;
    }
    ```

</Tab>

<Tab label="Web-only">

>     Alternatively, you can write web-only React components like `<div />`, `<p />`, etc. However, these won't render on native platforms.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Alternatively, you can write web-only React components such as `<div>`, `<p>`, and so on. However, these won't render on native platforms.
```

    ```js app/index.js
    export default function Page() {
      return <p>Home page</p>;
    }
    ```

</Tab>

</Tabs>

> The above example will match the `/` route in the app and the browser. Files named **index** match the parent directory and do not add a path segment. For example, **app/settings/index.js** will match `/settings` in the app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The above example matches the `/` route in the app and the browser. Files named **index** match the parent directory and do not add a path segment. For example, **app/settings/index.js** matches `/settings` in the app.
```

> > Platform extensions (for example, **.ios.js**, **.native.ts**) are not supported in the **app** directory. Learn more: [Platform-specific modules](/routing/advance/platform-specific-modules).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Platform extensions (for example, **.ios.js**, **.native.ts**) are not supported in the **app** directory. See [Platform-specific modules](/routing/advance/platform-specific-modules), for more information.
```

> Multiple slugs can be matched in a single route by using the rest syntax (`...`). For example, **app/blog/[...id].js** will match `/blog/123/settings`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Multiple slugs can be matched in a single route by using the rest syntax (`...`). For example, **app/blog/[...id].js**  matches `/blog/123/settings`.
```

> Dynamic segments will be accessible as [search parameters](/router/reference/search-parameters) in the page component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Dynamic segments are accessible as [search parameters](/router/reference/search-parameters) in the page component.
```
